fix(azure-event-hub): Fix division by 0 for threshold value in azure eventhub scaler (#7733)
kedacore/keda: CHANGELOG.md

- **General**: Fix ScaledObject Ready condition not reflecting HPA status ([#7649](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7649))
- **General**: Handle paused scaling directly in reconciler ([#7663](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7663))
- **Azure Data Explorer Scaler**: Remove clientSecretFromEnv support ([#7554](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/pull/7554))

> - **Azure Event Hub Scaler**: Reject non-positive `unprocessedEventThreshold` to prevent integer division by zero when computing lag ([#7733](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/pull/7733))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Azure Event Hub Scaler**: Reject non-positive `unprocessedEventThreshold` to prevent integer division by zero when computing lag ([#7732](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/7732))
```

Author: Thanks @rickbrouwer for the quick review :bow:
